The pen used with a computer—such as a tablet PC—is also called a stylus.
You might not think of a pen as a true input device, but it is.
You can find bar code readers being used as input devices in supermarkets and department stores everywhere.
A bar code reader is a special type of scanner.
In a computer, an analog-to-digital converter translates analog audio signals into digital codes the computer can use.
The process of translating voice into text or commands the computer can understand is called speech recognition.
Using a special webcam, you can participate in online videoconferences.
A(n) PC video camera is a popular and inexpensive type of PC video camera.
Using a(n) video capture card, you can connect video devices such as a VCR or camcorder to your PC.
A(n) digital camera stores still images on a special memory card, rather than on film.

  /
  /
  /
Review Questions 

In what ways can you use the pen in a pen-based computing system?
  Selecting commands and writing text.

How do most touch-screen systems work?
  By detecting contact with the screen surface.

List one reason why many people believe a PC provides a better game-playing experience than dedicated video game units do.
  PCs offer more processing power.

Explain how a bar code reader reads a bar code and what it does with the information from a bar code.
  Uses light to scan the code and translates it into data for product identification.

What does an image scanner do?
  converts images into digital form.

How does OCR software translate scanned text into text that you can edit?
  By recognizing characters in scanned images and converting them to editable text.

List three things you can do with the files you create by recording your voice on your computer.
  Edit, share, and playback the audio.

What two capabilities does speech-recognition software give you?
  Transcribing speech to text and issuing voice commands.

List four audio sources you can use to record music on your computer.
  Microphone, CD player, digital instruments, and external audio sources.

What can you do with a video capture card?
  Connect and digitize video from external sources like camcorders.

  /
  /
  /
  /
  Multiple Choice ::
With a pen-based system, you can use the pen as a(n) ____ to select commands.

a. keyboard
b. pointing device
c. antenna
d. microphone
Answer: b. pointing device
Pen-based computers are commonly used for this type of work:

a. writing lots of text
b. taking pictures
c. data collection
d. recording sounds
Answer: a. writing lots of text
____ are well-suited for use as input devices at automated teller machines or public information kiosks.

a. Touch screens
b. Pens
c. Microphones
d. Monitors
Answer: a. Touch screens
A game controller can be considered an input device because a computer game is one of these:

a. a joystick
b. a part of a computer
c. a fun pastime
d. a program
Answer: b. a part of a computer
Game pads usually have two sets of these, one for each hand:

a. controls
b. joysticks
c. games
d. microphones
Answer: a. controls
This type of technology lets computers use light as a source of input:

a. optative
b. optical
c. optimal
d. optional
Answer: b. optical
A(n) ____ is used to identify a product and provide information about it, such as its price.

a. price check
b. bar code
c. numeric digit
d. light-sensitive detector
Answer: b. bar code
Which type of software can translate scanned text into text that you can edit?

a. OCS
b. ORC
c. OCR
d. ORS
Answer: c. OCR
The process of converting analog sounds into code a computer can use is called ____

a. sound recognition
b. optical character recognition
c. scanning
d. digitizing
Answer: d. digitizing
This type of connection lets a computer communicate with, control, and record electronic musical instruments:

a. DIM1
b. MIDI
c. DIIM
d. MD11
Answer: b. MIDI
